<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Table of Contents</title>
  <style type="text/css">
  li {
    list-style-type: none;
    padding-left: 2em;
    margin-left: 0;
  }
  a {
    text-decoration: none;
  }
  a:hover {
    color: red;
  }
  </style>
</head>

<body id="calibre_generated_inline_toc">

  <h2>Table of Contents</h2>

  <ul class="level1">

    <li><a href="frontmatter_titlepage.html">University Control</a>

      <ul class="level2">
        <li><a href="toc.xhtml">Table of Contents</a></li>
      </ul>

    </li>

    <li><a href="frontmatter_preface.html">Preface</a></li>

    <li><a href="bodymatter_part01.html">Part I University Control</a>

      <ul class="level2">
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part01_chapter01.html#uca4fuwjnywySpzesrIiPd8">I. Historical Retrospective</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part01_chapter02.html">II. A Referendum On Administration</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part01_chapter03.html">III. The Corporation and The President</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part01_chapter04.html">IV. The Position of The Professor</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part01_chapter05.html">V. The Duties of The Professor</a></li>
      </ul>

    </li>

    <li><a href="bodymatter_part02.html">Part II Letters on University Control</a>

      <ul class="level2">
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter01.html">I. Letters from Harvard University</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter02.html">II. Letters from Yale University</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter03.html">III. Letters from Columbia University</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter04.html">IV. Letters from the University of Pennsylvania</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter05.html">V. Letters from the Johns Hopkins University</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter06.html">VI. Letters from the University of Chicago</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter07.html">VII. Letters from Cornell University</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter08.html">VIII. Letters from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter09.html">IX. Letters from Institutions in New England</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter10.html">X. Letters from Institutions in the Middle States</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter11.html">XI. Letters from Colleges for Women</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter12.html">XII. Letters from Institutions in the Southern States</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter13.html">XIII. Letters from the University of Wisconsin</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter14.html">XIV. Letters from the University of Michigan</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter15.html">XV. Letters from the Universities of Minnesota, Illinois, Missouri and California</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter16.html">XVI. Letters from State Institutions in the Central and Western States</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter17.html">XVII. Letters from Private Institutions in the Central and Western States</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part02_chapter18.html">XVIII. Anonymous Letters</a></li>
      </ul>

    </li>

    <li><a href="bodymatter_part03.html">Part III Articles on University Control</a>

      <ul class="level2">
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part03_chapter01.html">I. The Administrative Peril in Education1</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part03_chapter02.html">II. The Need of Administrative Changes in the American University</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part03_chapter03.html">III. The Status of the American College Professor</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part03_chapter04.html">IV. The Government of American Universities</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part03_chapter05.html">V. Concerning the American University</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part03_chapter06.html">VI. Externalism in American Universities</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part03_chapter07.html">VII. University Administration and University Ideals</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part03_chapter08.html">VIII. Professorial Ethics</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part03_chapter09.html">IX. Closer Relations Between Trustees and Faculty</a></li>
        <li><a href="bodymatter_part03_chapter10.html">X. Faculty Participation in University Government</a></li>
      </ul>

    </li>

    <li><a href="backmatter_index.html">Index</a></li>

    <li><a href="backmatter_endnotes.html">End Notes</a>

      <ul class="level2">
        <li><a href="backmatter_endnotes.html#uBUiyKiLmWS2eABKFwa9WjB">Chapter 1, Historical Retrospect</a></li>
        <li><a href="backmatter_endnotes.html#uhlntfATikZ6SPSUVrD36x4">Chapter 2, A Referendum on Administration</a></li>
        <li><a href="backmatter_endnotes.html#uHvfuBeVIBxwyrZw5mkN2E8">Chapter 4, The Position of The Professor</a></li>
        <li><a href="backmatter_endnotes.html#uqfisprbEVZULNFd4ppbYJG">Chapter 5, The Duties of The Professor</a></li>
        <li><a href="backmatter_endnotes.html#uXgvl8j5BLBrDlHaxdd3iVG">Chapter 1, The Administrative Peril in Education</a></li>
        <li><a href="backmatter_endnotes.html#ua7aJrbdxhzpgpIAQWoHtw8">Chapter 4, The Government of American Universities</a></li>
      </ul>

    </li>

  </ul>

</body>

</html>